Expand Alternative Solutions in HighlightsFromPointsExplainer.md (#965)
MicrosoftEdge/MSEdgeExplainers: highlight/HighlightsFromPointsExplainer.md

1. A separate event is dispatched for each Highlight under the cursor in descending priority order. The default action is to advance to the next Highlight and `preventDefault()` can be used to stop this. This might result in firing an arbitrary number of events for a single user action.
2. Dispatch a single event for the top-priority Highlight, with the event path including other Highlights and then bubbling to the DOM tree. However, pointer events can currently only target elements, so this approach might break other specification assumptions.
3. A combination of approaches 1 and 2, dispatching two events per user action: one for Highlights and one for the DOM tree. The Highlight event propagates through overlapping Highlights, and if `preventDefault()` wasn't called in that sequence, a new event is fired on the DOM tree.

> In the end, due to these options becoming increasingly complex, `highlightsFromPoint()` was decided to be implemented as a first step, allowing handling pointer events with regular DOM events, and still satisfying most of the use cases that were brought up in the discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these event-based options carries significant complexity. The `highlightsFromPoint()` API was selected since it is much simpler to implement and still satisfies the use cases adequately.
```
